DOCAPI-7129: nested json insert. EN review. RU translation. (#6419)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/settings/settings.md

## date_time_input_format {#settings-date_time_input_format}

> Enables or disables the extended parsing of formatted date and time strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows to choose a parser of text representation of date and time.
```

The setting doesn't apply to [date and time functions](../../query_language/functions/date_time_functions.md).

Possible values:

- `'best_effort'` — Enables extended parsing.

>     ClickHouse can parse the basic `YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS` format and all [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) date and time formats. For example, `'2018-06-08T01:02:03.000Z'`.

Reviewer: basic format could use an example as well
